hey guys it's me one-two-three-four
beyblade and welcome back to another
beyblade burst video this time you have
a battle a full-out battle between
Spriggans spread fusion and valkyrie
wing excel so let's get this battle
started I'm gonna put these on the
launcher here we go go shoot go shoot
well we get burst
yep and Valkyrie winds through burst so
the score is currently one to nothing
for vouchered go
Jesus Christ
sorry that was a draw all right round
number three go shoot go
another burst double burst finish
alright here we go round number four go
shoot
I missed the sliding shoot unfortunately
Valkyrie is making its way down to sprig
in and we shall see if Valkyrie you will
get a burst out knockout or stamina
tower or will sprig and win which would
be quite surprising
oh and Valkyrie takes the win making the
score 2-2 and double burst finish
alright the scores still two to nothing
no shoot go oh and that was actually
Valkyries win because spring actually
bursted before Valkyrie exited the
stadium all right three to nothing so
shoot go shoot
let us see what will happen this time
I predict actually can't predict oh ok
so Valkyrie gets a burst out on sprig in
once again it's four to nothing this is
possibly the final round go shoot go
shoot the little bases we're still
spinning
alright this still could be the possible
fine around oh shoot gosh maybe not ok
cool right
three two one go Becky
yuccas uh use your wings of Valkyries
yep that's its special move come from
the anime 2016 hence friggin gets
annihilated 5-0 there you guys have it
Valkyrie is like numbered one alright so
sprig in got rekt five Oh
hope you guys enjoyed this battle and
I'll see you guys later